---
title: "Q1 2021 End Review"
categories:
  - Post Formats
tags:
  - Post Formats
  - readability
  - standard
---

Let’s check how we performed in the first quarter of the year in terms of achieving our goals.

1. **Make place for new things.**
This category is quite broad because it consists of many subjective factors that shall lead to improve our lifestyle in general. Never the less, we are working hard on it in multiple directions and few of the outcomes are:
1.1. Physically - we have cleaned a lot of clutter in our home (and made over 2000 chf by selling it online). We have also improved our home by dedicating work stations and bringing out the things that really matter to us. 
1.2 Mentally - both of us are considering career change and are working towards creating the right opportunities for this. 

2. **Saving rate of 40%.** We have achieved an average of 48% of savings for the first three months of the year, which is just great.

3. **Food (and household) on track.** With an average of 647 chf a month we have just nailed the 650 chf budget. Definitely more work to be done here as the amount is still rather high.

4. **Enjoy the Swiss nature with our little one.** Everyone will agree that the weather in Switzerland in the first months of the year was just crazy. We have not managed to go anywhere far but we took all chances to enjoy the very sunny days at the Zug lake. What a privilege is to live 10 minutes walk from water!

5. **Improve German.** We have made some attempts to speak a bit more German in our daily life - trying to conduct some telephone conversations in German, speaking it in the supermarket or with the lovely girls in our kid’s kita. Baby steps but steps in the right direction.

