---
title: "5 Goals to kick start 2021"
categories:
  - Post Formats
tags:
  - Post Formats
  - readability
  - standard
---



A short breakdown of our family goals for this year.

1. **Make place for new things.** Last year as well as 2021 will be very transitional years for us as a new family of three. Lots of things have changed in our lives and careers, and will continue to change in the months to come. Therefore, the first goal is to make space (mentally and physically) for the new. As one of our favourite Socrate’s quotes say, ‘The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new’. 

2. **Saving rate of 40%.**  For the past couple of years we are gravitating around 30-35% saving rate. It would be great if we can lift this to at least 40%. 

3. **Food (and household) on track.** Last year was just ridiculous in terms of what we spent in supermarkets (thank you, covid!). If we would have normally used 550 chf for our groceries a month (please note that this is for 2 adults, 1 baby and we incl. household stuff like cleaning/washing detergents and diapers in here), then there were months last year, where we have doubled that. This year we set a goal of no more than 550 chf a month. Also, normally we would have a budget of 100-150 chf/month for going out/eating out. This year due to covid, we only entertain at home or at friends’, so given the amount is spent in supermarkets as opposed to coffee places/restaurants, we decided to merge Food and Going Out together, leaving a grand total for this category at 650 chf a month.

4. **Enjoy the Swiss nature with our little one.** Now that we are mobile (read it: all of us can walk), we would like to spend a little bit more time being active and enjoy the Swiss outdoors. There are so many beautiful places in this country that we have not seen and what’s even better - hiking and lake-ing is covid friendly and for free.

5. **Improve German.** We came to the realisation that we like Switzerland and we would like to stay here longer than we initially thought. And even though Zug is a perfectly fine place to go around with English, we would like to integrate a bit more and be comfortable in German too. We would like to reach a comfortable conversational level of German, so to make it a bit more measurable - we need to stretch ourselves to C level.
